1. yes, we need to collect/scraoe the basic profile information for all providers such as: name, location, email, phone, type of provider, Year Founded, "About" the provider and the rest will be more provider specific. Egg donor agencies actually doesn’t need anything else. in case the provider is an egg donor agency our GoStork admin should also provider the egg donor database URL with username and password (on top of the website url) to login and the AI will create a scrapper that will use the login credentials and scrape all the egg donor profiles with all the information to our database that includes a table with all the egg donors and associate all the donors to the specific egg donor agency. the script that the AI will create to scrape the donors should run everyday and sync the information from the original database to ours. These donor profiles will be shown to the intended parents as options for matching if its a surrogacy agency we also need to collect from the provider specific information such as: "Number of Babies Born", "How long Does it take to Match with a Surrogate", "Number of Families per Coordinator", a section about "How the Agency Screen Surrogates" (they will need. to check any of the following: Criminal Background Check, Home Visits, Financials Review, Social Worker Screening, Medical Records Review, Surrogate's Insurance Review, Psychological Screening). if its ivf clinic then we need to collect information about the Medical Director and other doctors in the clinic in each location. The AI will need to scrape the success rate for each clinic (i will provide recommendation for it later, please remind me). 
2. Pricing structure shone definitely be specific. The agency should be able to upload their cost sheet and our AI should parse it and fill the provider profile with their costs with the ability for the provider to update, delete and add entries after uploading or build everything from scratch without uploading. The goal is to have for each provider type the same “GoStork Costs” template cause we want to show to the intended parents Apples to Apples costs comparison between same type of providers. Once we get there I can provide you with the template that I suggest but you can perfect it.
3. AI scraping scope - the AI should not attempt to get costs from the website. This will be handles once the provider upload their costs sheet.
4. Provider user roles - Each provider user should have full name, email, mobile number, location, role. Each provider should have Admin role. Surrogacy Agency should also have “Surrogacy Coordinator” role. Egg Donor Agency should also have “Egg Donor Coordinator” role, Egg Bank should also have “Egg Donor Coordinator” role, Sperm Bank should also have “Sperm Donor Coordinator” role, IVF Clinic should also have “Patient Coordinator” role